README.md, before:

# String Setup

A web app to help with restringing guitars and basses. Features a chromatic tuner, step-by-step restringing guide with illustrations, and a string slack calculator.

## Features

### Tuner
- Real-time pitch detection using your microphone
- Shows detected note, octave, frequency, and cents deviation
- Visual indicator showing if you're sharp, flat, or in tune
- **Playable reference tones** - click any note to hear the target pitch
- Reference notes for standard guitar (6-string) and bass (4 & 5-string) tunings

### Restring Guide
- Step-by-step instructions for guitar and bass
- Progress tracking with checkable steps
- **SVG illustrations** for key techniques:
  - Bridge pin and ball end installation
  - Measuring string slack
  - Proper winding direction
  - String stretching
- Special instructions for Floyd Rose / floating tremolo systems

### String Calculator
- Calculate the right amount of slack for proper winding
- Supports guitar (standard, vintage, locking tuners) and bass
- Common scale length presets (Fender, Gibson, PRS, etc.)
- **Visual measurement guide** explaining what to measure and where

## Getting Started

```bash
npm install
npm run dev
```

Open http://localhost:5173 in your browser.

## Build

```bash
npm run build
npm run preview
```

## Tech Stack

- React 19
- TypeScript
- Vite
- Web Audio API (pitch detection & tone generation)

Commit message:

Improve tuner with realistic string sounds and better detection
- Replace sine wave tones with synthesized plucked string sounds
- Add harmonics and pluck transient for realistic guitar/bass tones
- Different sound profiles for guitar vs bass strings
- Improve pitch detection sensitivity and accuracy
- Disable browser audio processing for cleaner input
- Remove test button from tuner UI
- Update README to reflect current features

README.md, after:

# String Setup

A web app to help with restringing guitars and basses. Features a chromatic tuner, step-by-step restringing guide, and a string slack calculator.

## Features

### Tuner
- Real-time pitch detection using your microphone
- Shows detected note, octave, frequency, and cents deviation
- Visual indicator showing if you're sharp, flat, or in tune
- **Playable reference tones** - click any note to hear a realistic plucked string sound
- Reference notes for standard guitar (6-string) and bass (4 & 5-string) tunings
- Synthesized string sounds with harmonics for clear, audible reference pitches

### Restring Guide
- Step-by-step instructions for guitar and bass
- Progress tracking with checkable steps
- Tips for each step to help avoid common mistakes
- Special instructions for Floyd Rose / floating tremolo systems

### String Calculator
- Calculate the right amount of slack for proper winding
- Supports guitar (standard, vintage, locking tuners) and bass
- Common scale length presets (Fender, Gibson, PRS, etc.)
- Measurement guide explaining what to measure and where
- All measurements in cm (scale lengths in inches)

## Getting Started

```bash
npm install
npm run dev
```

Open http://localhost:5173 in your browser.

## Build

```bash
npm run build
npm run preview
```

## Tech Stack

- React 19
- TypeScript
- Vite
- Web Audio API (pitch detection & tone generation)
